Good Evening,

	First of all I would like to thank you team mentors and team Aroha for choosing me as a member of Aroha.
In last 25 days I feel lots of improvement happen to my self because of Aroha only. 

1. I have never experienced a real working environment nor had any kind of programing experience.
   But after joining Aroha I gained confidence and learnt many new things that i never knew about.

2. Got a good understanding of how the Business and Industry works, and How Data plays a big role in the Industry.

3. Learnt about what the role of a Data Engineer is?
 
4. Learnt to visualize the logic of code before writing the code which I'm not before joining in Aroha.

5. Gained better understanding on conditional clauses.

6. Gained a better understanding on where/how to be use conditionals clauses and iterators in an apropriate problems.

7. Learnt that there are simpler smarter ways of using data structures for writing programs.

8. Gained better understanding on Opp's concepts, like when we should go for Is a relationship and Has a relationship,
   class method, static method,objects, object handler,object id and Garbage collector.

9. Comes to MySQL Learnt the importance of Visualizing data to create Database, create a table , how to alter(like modify,add,rename)DDL.
 
10.Learnt how to use of Insert, Update and Delete (DML) commands in a tables.

11. Use of all types of Queries like simple,sub,agregate and joins, clauses like group by, having and order by and date functions ect.

12. And comes to Python's library pandas, I learnt about series,dataframe and use of these two.

13. Then learnt abount how to read any file like csv,excel etc and learnt how to convert one type file to other type.

14. Learnt how to retrive  required data from any file(like min,max,mean,avg,count).


I know that the last 25 days has made me better at coding than i was before, and that my time in Aroha will make me better than how I am now.

I feel very greatfull for above.
Thanks Aroha & Team. 

Somnath.
